com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ShareActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareActivity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareActivity$SelectableStream
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/SwipeTouchSelectionListener.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.SwipeTouchSelectionListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/TextDrawable.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable$Builder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable$IBuilder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable$IConfigBuilder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.TextDrawable$IShapeBuilder
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/TransferUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$4$3$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$5$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$5$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$5$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$5$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$6$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$6$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TransferUtils$ConnectionUpdatedListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/base/App.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.App
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.App$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/PowerfulActionModeSupport.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.PowerfulActionModeSupport
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/TimeUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TimeUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/FileDeletionDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileDeletionDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileDeletionDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileDeletionDialog$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileDeletionDialog$Listener
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ChangeStoragePathActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ChangeStoragePathActivity
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/ImageListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ImageListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ImageListAdapter$ImageHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/db/AccessDatabase.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.db.AccessDatabase
 com.jaydeep.FShare.db.AccessDatabase$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.db.AccessDatabase$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.db.AccessDatabase$3
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NetworkDeviceScanner.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceScanner
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceScanner$Scanner
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceScanner$ScannerExecutor
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceScanner$ScannerHandler
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/ConnectionChooserDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionChooserDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionChooserDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionChooserDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionChooserDialog$ConnectionListAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/ProfileEditorDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ProfileEditorDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ProfileEditorDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ProfileEditorDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ProfileEditorDialog$3
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/Service.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.Service
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/SharingActionModeCallback.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.SharingActionModeCallback
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.SharingActionModeCallback$SelectionDuo
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/WebShareActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.WebShareActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.WebShareActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.WebShareActivity$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/TransferAssigneeListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferAssigneeListAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/ShareableListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ShareableListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ShareableListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ShareableListFragment$MIMEGrouper
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/VideoListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment$1$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment$1$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.VideoListFragment$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NotificationUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NotificationUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/GalleryGroupEditableListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GalleryGroupEditableListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GalleryGroupEditableListAdapter$GalleryGroupShareable
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NetworkUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/Shareable.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.Shareable
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/TransferInfoDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$3$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.TransferInfoDialog$5
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/PathResolverRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.PathResolverRecyclerAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.PathResolverRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.PathResolverRecyclerAdapter$Holder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.PathResolverRecyclerAdapter$Holder$Index
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.PathResolverRecyclerAdapter$OnClickListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/IconSupport.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.IconSupport
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/TransferAssigneeListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$4$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$4$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$4$1$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferAssigneeListFragment$5
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NotReadyException.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NotReadyException
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.PreferenceUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/DeviceScannerService.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.DeviceScannerService
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/UIConnectionUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$10
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$11
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$12
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$13
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$14
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$3$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$3$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$9
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.UIConnectionUtils$RequestWatcher
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/DeviceChooserService.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.DeviceChooserService
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/HotspotUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.HotspotUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.HotspotUtils$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.HotspotUtils$HackAPI
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.HotspotUtils$OreoAPI
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.HotspotUtils$OreoAPI$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/GroupEditableListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$GroupEditable
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$GroupLister
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$GroupLister$CustomGroupLister
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$GroupShareable
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.GroupEditableListAdapter$GroupViewHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/EditableListAdapterImpl.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.EditableListAdapterImpl
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/WebShareServer.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer$BoundRunner
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer$Tools
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer$ZipBundleResponse
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer$ZipBundleResponse$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WebShareServer$ZipBundleResponse$ChunkedOutputStream
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/CommunicationBridge.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge$Client
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge$Client$ConnectionHandler
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge$CommunicationException
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationBridge$DifferentClientException
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/DynamicNotification.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.DynamicNotification
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/ActiveConnectionListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment$2$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ActiveConnectionListFragment$3
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/FileListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$4$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$4$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$4$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$OnPathChangedListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileListFragment$SelectionCallback
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ShareTextActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ShareTextActivity
com/jaydeep/FShare/base/AppConfig.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.AppConfig
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/EstablishConnectionDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$3$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$2$3$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.EstablishConnectionDialog$ConnectionResult
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/FileRenameDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileRenameDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileRenameDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileRenameDialog$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FileRenameDialog$OnFileRenameListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/receiver/DialogEventReceiver.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.receiver.DialogEventReceiver
 com.jaydeep.FShare.receiver.DialogEventReceiver$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.receiver.DialogEventReceiver$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/receiver/NetworkStatusReceiver.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.receiver.NetworkStatusReceiver
 com.jaydeep.FShare.receiver.NetworkStatusReceiver$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/GroupEditableListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.GroupEditableListFragment
com/jaydeep/FShare/BuildConfig.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.BuildConfig
com/jaydeep/FShare/base/ApplicationGlideModule.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule$ApplicationIconDecoder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule$ApplicationIconDecoder$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule$ApplicationIconModelLoader
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.ApplicationGlideModule$ApplicationIconModelLoader$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/OnDeviceSelectedListener.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.OnDeviceSelectedListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/TransferListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$AbstractGenericItem
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$DetailsTransferFolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$GenericTransferItem
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$GroupEditableTransferObjectMerger
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$GroupEditableTransferObjectMerger$Type
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$PathChangedListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$StatusItem
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$StorageStatusItem
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferListAdapter$TransferFolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/ShowingAssignee.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.ShowingAssignee
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/CommunicationService.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$CommunicationServer
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$CommunicationServer$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$CommunicationServer$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$CommunicationServer$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$ProcessHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$Receive
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$SeamlessClientHandler
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$SeamlessServer
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationService$Send
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/WorkerService.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService$LocalBinder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService$OnAttachListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService$RunningTask
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.WorkerService$RunningTask$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/TransferGroup.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferGroup
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferGroup$Assignee
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferGroup$Index
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/TransferObject.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferObject
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferObject$Flag
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferObject$Type
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferObject$Virtual
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/WebShareDetailsDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.WebShareDetailsDialog
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/SelectionIllustratorImageView.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.SelectionIllustratorImageView
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/NetworkManagerFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment$StatusReceiver
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.SplashActivity
com/jaydeep/FShare/base/Keyword.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.Keyword
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.Keyword$Flavor
 com.jaydeep.FShare.base.Keyword$Local
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/EditableListFragmentImpl.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.EditableListFragmentImpl
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/AddressedInterface.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddressedInterface
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/PaddingItemDecoration.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.PaddingItemDecoration
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/DeviceInfoDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.DeviceInfoDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.DeviceInfoDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.DeviceInfoDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.DeviceInfoDialog$3
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/SelectionEditorDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectionEditorDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectionEditorDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectionEditorDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectionEditorDialog$SelfAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectionEditorDialog$SelfAdapter$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/ActiveConnectionListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ActiveConnectionListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ActiveConnectionListAdapter$AddressedEditableInterface
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/EditableListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$FilteringDelegate
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$LayoutClickListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$SelectionCallback
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.EditableListFragment$SelectionCallback$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ConnectionManagerActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$1$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$AvailableFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$DeviceSelectionSupport
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$OptionsFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$OptionsFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$OptionsFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ConnectionManagerActivity$RequestType
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/ApplicationListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment$1$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ApplicationListFragment$3
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/QRConnectFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$10
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$11
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$12
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.QRConnectFragment$9
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/NetworkDeviceListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$4$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$StatusReceiver
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.NetworkDeviceListFragment$StatusReceiver$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/OrganizeShareRunningTask.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.OrganizeShareRunningTask
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.OrganizeShareRunningTask$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/FileExplorerActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.FileExplorerActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.FileExplorerActivity$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/VideoListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.VideoListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.VideoListAdapter$VideoHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/EditableListFragmentModelImpl.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.EditableListFragmentModelImpl
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/SelectAssigneeDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectAssigneeDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectAssigneeDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.SelectAssigneeDialog$ListAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/CustomNetworkDeviceListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.CustomNetworkDeviceListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.CustomNetworkDeviceListFragment$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ManageDevicesActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ManageDevicesActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ManageDevicesActivity$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/TextStreamObject.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TextStreamObject
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NetworkDeviceSelectedListener.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceSelectedListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/TransferGroupListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferGroupListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferGroupListAdapter$PreloadedGroup
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ViewTransferActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$5$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$CrunchLatestDataTask
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ViewTransferActivity$CrunchLatestDataTask$PostExecuteListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/WritablePathObject.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.WritablePathObject
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/ToggleMultipleTransferDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ToggleMultipleTransferDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ToggleMultipleTransferDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ToggleMultipleTransferDialog$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ToggleMultipleTransferDialog$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ToggleMultipleTransferDialog$ActiveListAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/AddDevicesToTransferActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.AddDevicesToTransferActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.AddDevicesToTransferActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.AddDevicesToTransferActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.AddDevicesToTransferActivity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.AddDevicesToTransferActivity$4
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/ContentSharingActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ContentSharingActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ContentSharingActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ContentSharingActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.ContentSharingActivity$2$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/widget/EditableListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.EditableListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.EditableListAdapter$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.widget.EditableListAdapter$EditableViewHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/FolderCreationDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FolderCreationDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FolderCreationDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.FolderCreationDialog$OnFolderCreatedListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/TransferGroupListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$8$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$9
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferGroupListFragment$SelectionCallback
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/ImageListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment$1$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment$1$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.ImageListFragment$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/Comparable.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.Comparable
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/BarcodeScannerActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.BarcodeScannerActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.BarcodeScannerActivity$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/SearchActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.SearchActivity
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/MusicListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.MusicListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.MusicListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.MusicListFragment$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.MusicListFragment$1$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.MusicListFragment$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/ManualIpAddressConnectionDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ManualIpAddressConnectionDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ManualIpAddressConnectionDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ManualIpAddressConnectionDialog$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/TitleSupport.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TitleSupport
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/NetworkDevice.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.NetworkDevice
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.NetworkDevice$Connection
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/Editable.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.Editable
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/AbstractFailureAwareDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.AbstractFailureAwareDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.AbstractFailureAwareDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.AbstractFailureAwareDialog$OnProceedClickListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/ProgressDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ProgressDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ProgressDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ProgressDialog$ViewUpdateHandler
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/ConnectionTestDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionTestDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionTestDialog$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.ConnectionTestDialog$ConnectionListAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/RemoveDeviceDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RemoveDeviceDialog
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RemoveDeviceDialog$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/FileUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.FileUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.MainActivity$ActivityReceiver
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/ApplicationListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ApplicationListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.ApplicationListAdapter$PackageHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/TransferPathResolverRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.TransferPathResolverRecyclerAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/FileExplorerFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileExplorerFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileExplorerFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileExplorerFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.FileExplorerFragment$FilePathResolverRecyclerAdapter
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/UITask.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.UITask
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/LongTextBubbleFastScrollViewProvider.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.LongTextBubbleFastScrollViewProvider
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/SmartFragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.SmartFragmentPagerAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.SmartFragmentPagerAdapter$StableItem
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.SmartFragmentPagerAdapter$StableItem$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/AppUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AppUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AppUtils$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AppUtils$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AppUtils$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AppUtils$QuickActions
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/HotspotManagerFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HotspotManagerFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HotspotManagerFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HotspotManagerFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HotspotManagerFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HotspotManagerFragment$StatusReceiver
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/ConnectionUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionUtils$ConnectionCallback
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/GalleryGroupEditableListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.GalleryGroupEditableListFragment
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/MimeIconUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.MimeIconUtils
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/TransferFileExplorerFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferFileExplorerFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferFileExplorerFragment$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/TransferListFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$7$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$SelectionCallback
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.TransferListFragment$SelectionCallback$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/MusicListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.MusicListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.MusicListAdapter$AlbumHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.MusicListAdapter$SongHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/TextEditorActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.TextEditorActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.TextEditorActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.TextEditorActivity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.TextEditorActivity$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.TextEditorActivity$2$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/CommunicationNotificationHelper.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.CommunicationNotificationHelper
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/TextUtils.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TextUtils
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.TextUtils$1
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/InterruptAwareJob.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.InterruptAwareJob
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/NetworkDeviceListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.NetworkDeviceListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.NetworkDeviceListAdapter$EditableNetworkDevice
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.NetworkDeviceListAdapter$HotspotNetwork
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/RationalePermissionRequest.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RationalePermissionRequest
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RationalePermissionRequest$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RationalePermissionRequest$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RationalePermissionRequest$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.RationalePermissionRequest$PermissionRequest
com/jaydeep/FShare/dialog/AbstractSingleTextInputDialog.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.dialog.AbstractSingleTextInputDialog
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/TransferInstance.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferInstance
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferInstance$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.TransferInstance$Builder
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/AddDeviceRunningTask.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.AddDeviceRunningTask$2$5
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/DetachListener.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.DetachListener
com/jaydeep/FShare/adapter/FileListAdapter.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$DirectoryHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$FileHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$FileHolderMerger
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$FileHolderMerger$Type
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$GenericFileHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$PublicDirectoryHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$ReceivedFileHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$RecentFileHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$ShortcutDirectoryHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$StorageHolder
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$StorageHolderImpl
 com.jaydeep.FShare.adapter.FileListAdapter$WritablePathHolder
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/ConnectionSetUpAssistant.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$10
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$4
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$5
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$6
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$7
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$8
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.ConnectionSetUpAssistant$9
com/jaydeep/FShare/view/ComparativeRelativeLayout.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.view.ComparativeRelativeLayout
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/Activity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity$OnBackPressedListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.Activity$OnPreloadArgumentWatcher
com/jaydeep/FShare/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HomeFragment
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HomeFragment$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HomeFragment$2
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HomeFragment$3
 com.jaydeep.FShare.fragment.HomeFragment$4
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NsdDiscovery.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NsdDiscovery
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NsdDiscovery$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NsdDiscovery$1$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NsdDiscovery$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/model/FileShortcutObject.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.model.FileShortcutObject
com/jaydeep/FShare/activity/FilePickerActivity.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.FilePickerActivity
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.FilePickerActivity$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.activity.FilePickerActivity$2
com/jaydeep/FShare/service/CommunicationToggleTile.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.service.CommunicationToggleTile
com/jaydeep/FShare/util/NetworkDeviceLoader.java
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceLoader
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceLoader$1
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceLoader$OnDeviceRegisteredErrorListener
 com.jaydeep.FShare.util.NetworkDeviceLoader$OnDeviceRegisteredListener
